Add instructions for Solr 8 custom configuration (#9366)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/solr-drupal/02-solr-drupal.md

This error occurs after installing `search_api_pantheon` for Drupal using Composer.  If you receive this error, you should switch to the [Drupal Composer-managed Upstream](https://github.com/pantheon-upstreams/drupal-composer-managed).  See [Switch Your Custom Upstream](/guides/custom-upstream/switch-custom-upstream) for instructions on how to do this.

### Editing Solr Configuration files

> There are instances where you want to edit the configuration file like `schema.xml` or `synonyms.txt` to customize the search results. The [Search API Solr](https://www.drupal.org/project/search_api_solr) module provided these configuration files via a [jump-start config set](https://git.drupalcode.org/project/search_api_solr/-/tree/4.x/jump-start/solr8/config-set?ref_type=heads). Installing the module in your Drupal sites will allow you to see these configuration files in the path `/code/web/module/contrib/searc_api_solr/jump-start/solr8/config-set`. If you need to edit any of the files, you need to copy the folder to a different location to prevent your changes from being overwritten for any future module update.

Reviewer: Typo here. `searc_api_solr` should be `search_api_solr`.

**Instructions:**
1. Copy the `config-set` folder to a directory inside `/code` e.g. `/code/solr/config`.
2. Edit the necessary file (e.g.`synonyms_en.txt`) or any configuration files you wanted to customize.
3. Alternatively, change the Solr Schema version name, so there is a differentiator to your custom configuration from the default. Please take a look at this [link](https://git.drupalcode.org/project/search_api_solr/-/blob/4.x/jump-start/solr8/config-set/schema.xml?ref_type=heads#L52) e.g. from this → `<schema name="drupal-4.3.5-solr-8.x-1" version="1.6">` to this` <schema name="drupal-4.3.5-solr-8.x-1-CUSTOM-IDENTIFIER" version="1.6">` **note:** change the word “CUSTOM-IDENTIFIER” to anything that describes your custom config.
4. Commit the changes, it is recommended to test this in a multidev site.
5. Go to the Search API Pantheon Admin interface and repost the Solr Schema specifying the path of your custom configuration, in this example, it is `/code/solr/config`.

> 6. Wait for **5 minutes** for the configuration to take effect.

Reviewer: Is there any other indicator that can be used to confirm the schema has been posted? 5 minutes is somewhat arbitrary. Not the end of the world, but it would be a bit more comforting to see a "success" confirmation of the process... somewhere.

Reviewer 2: I tested and noticed that immediately after I uploaded my custom config, I could go back to the Pantheon Search Admin tab of my solr server and check the solr files there to confirm my modified config files were in place. I did not have to wait any amount of time it was immediate. Can we update this step to something like this instead? 

```suggestion
6. Go to the Search API Pantheon Admin interface and browse the Pantheon Search Files to confirm your customized configuration changes are present. 
```

Author: We need confirmation from the PRT team, as far as I know, the platform is checking for a new configuration or Solr Schema posted every 5 minutes, so depending on the last check of the platform, the configuration may take effect immediately or not (maximum of 5 minutes).  From the last time I tested this, many times, I needed to wait for several minutes, but there are also instances where it reflected immediately

Reviewer 2: maybe we work on the assumption that the platform still checks every 5 min and we update the step with context so it feels less arbitrary:

```suggestion
6. Pantheon's platform checks for updated Solr configurations every 5 minutes. Wait 5 minutes to ensure your new custom configuration has been detected and applied by the platform before proceeding to the next step.
```

7. After making sure the site uses the new Solr configuration, **reset the index tracker** and then **re-index** the site.

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps include common Drupal admin-page URL paths, on which re-indexing can be triggered? It would save new Drupal users some potential headache.

Reviewer 2: Done 👍
